This is a head gum original.
First time as a father on the show, right?
Yes.
And how does that spark joy to you to have?
I mean, it sparks joy for me to be a daddy, but I don't know that it sparks joy to be to you to me a daddy.
You're not understanding the question.
How does it spark joy for you to be a father for me to have?
That's exactly what he answered.
I think I did answer, and I think you're confused.
We've got miles bouncing your eye on the fucking show.
You've got Marieka Brownlee and Amir kind of filling out the rest.
Forget bringing up the rear.
It's like we need to create an environment or all or otherwise of sort of the air of formality.
The air of this being a show about the company.
Like what even is this anymore?
All of the rice?
Like that says nothing to do with the interworkings of the network.
It's not like a company happy hour.
I mean, I don't just speak on formality.
You canceled the show for 10 minutes over Instagram.
And then I said, no, I'm still down to do it.
I said, I would yesterday.
And you DMed me the Zoom link, which was really intervening.
I had to email myself to link to get in.
But it was on part.
Yeah.
Because I just read through the conversation.
No, this is going to piss me off.
No.
Well, maybe well.
That's a good thing.
Puzzle week.
Uh, today at 135 p.m.
Jeff going to reschedule this record.
Amir.
Whoa.
Something I said.
This is 135.
We're recording it too.
So in 25 minutes we're supposed to record.
Jeff says, I need to reschedule after we already got an email that said recording is cancelled.
Yeah.
He says our friend.
I said, well, like, I wanted to ask why?
I'm like, what caused this thing 25 minutes beforehand to just get cancelled?
Not even like rescheduled or pushed.
Like we're canceling.
Yeah.
Because me and Maria and like we're waiting to go.
I'm granted.
I was asked yesterday in the middle of a nap.
I responded.
Yeah.
Jeff says our fourth gas hasn't confirmed.
And I haven't heard from him.
And the segments are contingent on him.
The sea's miles.
Sorry.
You asked me yesterday.
No.
I asked you like four days ago.
I sent a cow in my yesterday.
And you didn't confirm.
So I woke up today.
And it was like, everything's good.
We're not that.
We're fault.
Mild.
Sorry.
Okay.
I understand that you're worried because I didn't confirm.
I'm a good Google.
Yeah.
Even though I confirmed to you via text,
didn't go.
Yeah.
So he sent you an email.
You didn't respond.
And he's like, okay.
Show's canceled.
I said.
First I said how the tables turn.
And I said, I mean, did you text him?
Which I thought was a stupid question because it's obvious.
Texted him.
Like, he's not responsive.
And that's why we're canceling.
No.
Mariko is right to ask.
Because Jeff didn't back enough.
Mild.
Did respond to an email.
Show episode cancer.
I got to continue.
Yeah.
And I said, I would check in for his.
What if he just didn't accept the invite by accident?
Of course.
Following string of texts from Jeff comes in in the span of a.
Let's see.
One minute period.
What?
Copy.
Good point.
Here we go.
He confirmed.
Never mind.
We are good to go.
Sorry.
Hello.
So he did confirm the email after all.
Like, that whole thing wasn't necessary.
He didn't confirm.
No, you didn't.
I just didn't.
Mild to see if he was still good.
And I responded immediately.
And he said, yeah, of course.
Like, why wouldn't I be?
Which is funny.
Because like, all of the sudden, you're being very organized about the calendar invite.
Which is like, impressive to me because the last several times we've conferred.
It's sort of been just, you know, the wild west of this issue.
Yeah.
But now that I didn't confirm the email, cancel the record.
Like, if Mariko is going to say text them.
We just wouldn't record it.
And then I do want to say that was going to the end of the big thing.
Yeah.
And Mariko was like, I might be five minutes late now.
I said, it's at 230 EST, right?
And Jeff said it was at 2 p.m.
And I screenshot it.
The canceled invite that says 230 to 330 p.m.
That was an issue of me kind of clicking on the calendar.
Yeah.
Making a time block and being like, that's 11 a.m.
And it was when there was 11 30.
Yeah.
Is that a 30 added value?
Is that a value to the 11.
Not only 11 11 11 30.
Yeah.
Exactly right.
Because actually being later is more wisdom.
Right.
But then I said, we're 11.
Third, you're like, no, actually has closed 11,
8k to eastern is possible.
So not only were you going off of miles,
not responding to the calendar invited at all,
but the calendar invited was wrong.
And you can go off of the period.
And then continue the transcript.
Oh.
Because I have an excuse.
Yes.
Right.
Mercury is in retroically.
Yeah.
Starting today.
So that's actually really.
It doesn't really matter.
Because you did send all the invites yesterday.
Not today.
Yeah.
Sure.
Doesn't matter.
Really?
Yeah.
Perfect.
Not decision to cancel the record.
Like I said, most of the episode is contingent on miles.
All right.
So reach out and be like, are you still down?
Because he did text and say he was.
And then he didn't respond to a calendar in the bite,
which looks like spam.
And then you're like, all right.
Cancel.
It's not happening.
Sorry.
There was a warning on the email.
Yeah.
Said something along the lines of like,
first and isn't like, don't trust this.
Right.
It's a virus.
Yeah.
I'm a viral man.
Yes.
You issue is.
I've only gone viral in terms of load.
Yeah.
In terms of like, having COVID three times.
In terms of like, souring people's day.
I haven't gone viral by the way of like,
Internet sensational.
Damn.
I thought you had to take to act the popped off.
So my reason.
I, not even.
I had a TikTok that you saw,
which is like, you follow me.
So it's not even like, it's not that viral.
It's one healthy going viral.
I can help you.
I, I, well,
you know, I haven't done anything worth it.
I would say all of the rice should go viral.
Yeah.
We should.
We can clip.
TikTok that out.
Yeah.
I mean, the the other one went.
Delia.
I know.
Sage doesn't.
I'm sorry to sage.
But she didn't know when to clip things out
unless told.
And I feel like she should have a sort of sixth sense about this.
It feels so internal.
It was never supposed to be the internal workings of the network.
Really.
Also, Sage has done a great job for our podcast and the podcast.
Yeah.
No, and I agree.
Ultimately, I agree.
I'm just trying to start some beef to try and get her on the show.
Because she deserves it.
And spar.
With you.
That you will see spar.
Um.
Let's talk about the most important thing.
Let's say at the same time.
Three, two, one.
You can't do the job for no reason.
Yeah.
Fatherhood.
Miles, you're significantly younger than a mere.
Like you're still in your prime.
He's over the hill.
Yeah.
I'm 29.
I believe I'm here is 40.
Yeah.
40.
The big 40.
Yeah.
How does it feel to not only be doing better than him career wise,
but also personally.
So like you have a wife and an and a kid.
He only has a wife.
He's not even in a TV.
Yeah.
He's ending his podcast.
Exactly.
Rice.
Yeah.
You're decade.
Literally.
Behind and younger than me.
You'll have lived me by 10 years.
On average.
Maybe even more.
Yeah.
I mean, good although recently I was talking to a mirror and he said, I have so much
free time.
I'm just trying to fill the day.
And I thought that that was kind of cool.
Is that true, man?
Yeah.
On a perfect person pod.
We were sort of talking about what my typical day is.
And how sometimes I do find myself like at four or five six.
Yeah.
I'm wondering, like, okay, now what I've sort of done what I need to do and without like a family and without like a typical nine to six.
I struggle to fill my.
Afternoons into evenings.
Not knowing exactly what to do.
You should start filling your holes.
Just in terms of like you said, you have you struggled to fill your time, but maybe you
should start struggling to fill your holes.
It's like a normal training sizing up the gauge of the plugs and just see how far you
could get plugs.
Yeah.
But miles, let's get back to the, you know, again, the most important thing which is father
it.
Yeah.
Definitely quickly.
I'm sorry, but I do want to say to mirror, it feels like you just need other hobbies.
Yeah.
My hobby is watching basketball, which right now takes a lot of time because there's the playoffs.
I don't come July.
I'll be like, oh, I don't like baseball and that's pretty much it.
I don't really watch a lot of television or movies either.
So I need to find a way to fill my six to make what about cooking.
I feel like you'd be good at like cooking.
Yeah.
I mean, y'all.
I've gotten a little bit better during the pandemic for sure, but I haven't like really stretched my limits.
I'm not making like too much complicated things.
Baking slash cast iron skilleting meat, putting vegetables, either in that pan or in the oven.
Yeah.
I got to sort of kick that up a notch.
What about I guess seems hard?
You should get good at just baking.
Yeah.
Like a flan.
Oh, flan is not really telling you big, isn't it?
Well, if you want to make it in the best fashion, right?
Right.
Yeah.
I was going to say like cookies just sort of easy.
Right.
Yes.
I've been layer bar.
Maybe I love.
I love cookies, but I don't want to have like the problem with baking is like you have so many of them around.
And then you're just eating them all yourself.
It's it's a little one.
It's a little one.
Infected full.
Bring them in the office.
Yeah.
It'll be nice.
I do.
I mean, yeah.
I'm sort of a cook.
I made a steak and eggs the other day and that was kind of good.
Steak and eggs is not a good meal.
I would say.
Really?
I think it's good.
It's too much animal.
Really?
Wow.
Same more.
Okay.
How do you cook both the steak and the eggs?
Well, I've been freezing meats for a while because my mother not cooking.
So it gets to cook.
That's the opposite.
Yeah.
She took us to Costco and she said we're really good steaks there.
So we she kind of bought us a bunch of steaks.
I sliced them all up.
Put them in the freezer.
And six and a half months later.
I mean, it's taken eggs.
And it also freeze the eggs.
The eggs are of course frozen.
It's an egg custard cold.
Yeah.
A savory egg custard.
A savory egg ice.
Like a like a like a like a slurpy.
Like a Luigi's Italian.
That's in the plastic cup.
Yeah.
You've said nothing of fatherhood other than.
Well, I don't know.
Yeah.
You haven't asked me anything of substance.
But I'm a dad and you find yourself sighing when you sit down.
Is that fair to ask?
I very tired obviously because why is that obvious?
Because the baby.
Okay.
So he sort of has trouble sleeping.
Listen, you know, do you want some unsolicited advice?
You want to let me finish?
Some like every lover I've ever had.
Didn't you?
Oh, yeah.
But yeah, no.
It's really good.
He's really chunky and cute.
He's been learning to laugh recently, which is good.
We're sort of running a little circus here doing anything we can to sort of sing a song.
That's going to make him laugh or shake a toy at him.
And he thinks that's funny.
Yeah.
But it's going good.
I think we're sort of slowly lifting from the fog that is the first couple months.
Jeff, you aren't paying attention.
This was the segment you plant.
Yeah.
Well, that's how it happens so fast.
I think he's editing it.
Well, is that it was for the editor?
I don't know.
We're only 14 minutes into this.
So we wouldn't be ready for an ad break.
Great question.
I guess.
I mean, it was sort of podcast.
Yeah, it's in the zone.
But I was also sort of joking.
He was kind of giving around.
Have you named the guy yet?
Of course.
Yeah.
Why is that of course happens instantly?
I didn't get my name till I was nine.
What do they call you?
A lot.
Untitled.
I don't know.
I'm entitled Liz James Project.
We have named him.
You ready for the name?
Yep.
Jeff, free, Marika, a mirror.
Not sponsor your.
Blumen league.
Oh my god.
You're named him after an app you wanted to design.
Blumen league.
Yeah.
Lower app.
Or you take a picture.
It's like he was only bouncing your.
No, his name is Julian.
And right now we call him Baby JJ.
Baby JJ.
Do you say, hey, you're to him?
Because of Julian.
Let it.
We don't.
But we faster.
We respond faster for the pacing of the show, right?
You kind of took a.
Oh.
Yeah.
Sorry.
John Melaney's new Netflix comedy special.
It's called Baby JJ.
It doesn't matter.
Because he's on that day.
No, because his whole thing is the same stick over and over again.
Right?
Like you have to reinvent yourself.
Like all of the rights that took a whole reinvention personally.
I had to go.
I was not going to.
I think it's like going to rehab.
And then having a child isn't reinventing himself enough.
I guess we should have gotten him then for the fatherhood thing.
Because then it could have been miles and landing.
I mean, that'd be huge for me.
I could go.
But I will say.
When Sarah was pregnant to amp myself up for parenthood.
I would sometimes look at Olivia Monson's Instagram.
Why?
Yeah, I'd love.
I'd love a little more.
She's a mother.
Because she's a mother.
And she would have pictures of John Melaney.
Because John Melaney is too cool to kind of post.
Like parenting photos, but Olivia Monson's post.
And it's like them watching Bosch.
And that was cool.
I was like, they're cool people who are parents.
And I want to be that.
I don't want to be like somebody who's just like a parent.
And that's kind of the thing.
Yeah.
On that subject.
I had a question.
It's a little mean.
My god.
You're so mean to me.
Yeah.
You're so great.
What is Jennifer Coolidge say to that?
Forch and telly?
Oh yeah.
I'll be told this the other day.
There's snow.
Negative.
I'm not good about it.
I'm used to this.
You're so naked.
I'll put it in right here.
Okay.
No.
Do you want someone's lucid parenting advice miles?
And I know I'm not a new.
No.
I know I'm not a parent.
And that is a parent.
But I just want to.
Sometimes it's like good to get that like new perspective, right?
Just like in relationships, right?
In relationships.
You don't want to meet the other person.
But you should deeply want the other person.
That's where romance comes in.
That's where codependence is impossible, right?
So I'm just fearing because it sounds like you've been spending a lot of the time.
Maybe most of your time with a little soccer.
Yeah.
That maybe you should foster your other hobbies.
Maybe you should go out to the club.
Have a table.
Have some bottles.
And let him do his thing.
Just so that he's not dependent on you.
Does that make sense?
Well, I like where this is headed.
Because I do think it's important to have a sense of identity.
Outside of your relationship outside of your child.
Exactly, right.
But I think the part that it's curious to me is that are you going to the club.
And getting bottles and grinding and working and having that experience.
Because that does not seem appealing to me.
I don't do that.
No, that's not fun to me.
What would be fun to you going to sort of a local hotspot.
And just a dinner would be good.
Yeah, dinner oysters with an agrony and maybe like steak freets with some friends.
Honestly, though, does sound really good.
I just got excited.
Yeah.
Right up my alley and agronies my favorite drink.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
My favorite soup.
And steak freets is basically steak at eggs.
But, you know, minus one.
I.
Yeah.
I, when I, I just, I love, you know, it's nice to do a dinner with like eight friends.
And you're all cracking up.
You're getting a little tipsy.
But you get to get you're in bed by midnight.
Oh, my God.
Waking it absolutely jack in it.
What kind of search terms are you up to?
Miles Bunsen, your A feet.
Oh.
Guys, this show is sponsored by Better Help.
Getting to know yourself, guys, can be a lifelong process.
Especially because we're always growing and changing, right?
I'm not the same person I was a year ago.
Hell, I'm not even the same person I was yesterday.
All right, I've changed my entire personality for the better.
And that's because therapy is about deepening yourself awareness and understanding of yourself.
Because sometimes we don't know what we want, right?
Or why we react the way we do until we talk things through.
And that's where Better Help can come in because Better Help connects you with a license therapist
who can take you on that journey of self discovery from wherever you are.
I'm in therapy every week.
I have my session tomorrow around this time that I'm recording this, uh, when the time you guys are hearing
this, I've already had this session, right?
As I'm recording this now, I'm about a week passed my last session.
That's why I look really dry and bad.
It has a really positive impact on my life.
Of course, it helps me become the best version of myself.
And it helps me deal with things as they come up along that journey of self discovery.
Because the more you know about yourself, the more you learn about yourself through therapy,
the better you can show up for those around you as the best version of yourself.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better Help a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with the license therapist and switch therapist at any time
for no additional charge.
Discover your potential with Better Help.
Visit BetterHelp.com slash what's that to get 10% off your first month?
That's BetterHelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks Better Help.
I have to put new batteries in my system.
So use it or lose it, I guess.
No, no wallpower at all.
He'll never know.
All right, let's do it.
Just a little curious.
Let's do that.
Use your speed power on this device.
All right, by a wall, definitely.
Early.
On to the week, who do you guys got?
Sadie Sink.
Isn't she awful in the whale?
Are you fucking dumb?
Sorry.
That's he was great in the whale, and she's great in Stranger Thing.
And I think that she's going to be the next part.
I think she's going to be huge.
Now that she's has, you know,
well, what's his name on her side?
Who?
Randon.
You think you think anytime that someone
would like start it, maybe someone else.
They're like on their side.
I kind of think that yeah, they're a team up.
Like a celebrity team up when Loki sort of did.
Thor.
Jeff, you hear?
Sipping from a cup.
And I'm just a little curious about it.
So what time do you went to blue bottle?
And you sort of got what this morning before returning to your girlfriend's home to record this.
Right.
A cold brew bright blend.
16 ounce.
And it wasn't.
I didn't walk to blue bottle.
It was in the fridge from a previous time.
Oh, what?
No, it's good.
They old cold brew in a paper cup.
Oh, Bruce, like, why, man?
Yeah, it would erode paper.
Really?
Yeah.
My bond of the week is Sandy.
Success.
Sandy from Succession.
Bruce.
I watch the show.
I can't think.
I mean, maybe a Larry.
Pime.
He tried to stage the hostile takeover in season two.
Right.
Pime.
What?
I think he'd be kind of interested.
Sandy is the old guy.
Yes.
Yeah.
Maria.
Like, let's keep shit going.
Let's not let him ears fuck up.
Change the pace.
Yeah.
I guess mine's going to be.
And that same vein.
Um.
Sorry.
Amir's doing some sort of performance.
Yeah.
Where there's lights right now.
It's a little striped.
Yeah.
Shadow.
Shadow puppets.
Yeah.
Actually, you know, I'm going to change it.
My bond of the week is going to be the shadow puppet.
It's a mirrored justice.
It's good.
It's time to get in here.
You don't mess.
Okay.
Let's move on.
Twitter verification went the way of Rosam and Pike.
It's gone, girl.
Yeah.
Yep.
We loved.
Yeah.
Do we comment on that like, do we give?
Is that our opportunity to sort of chime in or is that our opportunity to give notes?
Either, I think.
Yeah.
Either, I guess.
Ideally, praise.
But yeah.
To me, like, Rosam and Pike is not viral.
You talked about going viral.
Rosam and Pike is not going viral right now.
And I kind of think that it's a dated reference for something that just happened.
Yeah.
I think that's a good note.
Um.
It could be like, you know, it's going like, like, it would turn times in nighttime.
It could be like.
Addison rays of sun.
Yeah.
It could be like, um.
It could be like the stanky leg.
Yeah.
Do the stanky leg.
That's a little more recent.
I don't think it is.
Are you guys going to pay for Twitter verification?
No, because I think I'd be shamed for it.
Yeah.
It's now sort of a scarlet letter, a badge of dishonor.
Sure.
It's been eight dollars a month.
Cause I would say me and Riley's Patreon, which is still going.
Yeah.
Yes.
That smiles was Patreon.
That's right.
You could pop in there.
Perfect person premium.
Perfect person platinum.
You could also probably pay for like Hulu with ads, which I just kind of think is a bit of a service.
But um, I think it's probably worth the $7.
Go further back from your camera.
Yeah.
I didn't like that at all.
That's so much better.
This is just a funny headline.
The Starship Rocket exploded.
So why did SpaceX cheer?
Did they?
I didn't read the article.
I will say that one of my favorite things is
that Andrew Pile,
our CTO often posts video footage of
rocket launches and like,
is excited in our Slack.
He's like the biggest rocket ever is about
to launch.
And he did that with this one.
And then 15 minutes later said,
it blew up.
Wow.
And that's really just how I get my rocket news.
For the day,
where do the goddamn days pack?
What was it?
I, I definitely said that before.
I didn't hear it.
And not at the right time.
Not at the right time.
We're at my ears.
We're ready to hear the eye word.
Uh-huh.
All right.
Here we go.
I recently found IDR labs.
Right?
Which is individual differences
research.
And they have various tests.
Uh, they have this drama test,
which is about how we all play victim rescue
or a persecutor in regard to human drama.
And then there's like marines test,
which is like,
could you figure shit out in the marines?
There's also the anger test,
which I think would be good for Marika.
So,
yeah.
Okay.
It's loud about.
Uh,
which it's just going to match your personality with a winning
to poo character,
which is a borrel and Buzzfeed article.
I want to y'all to pick out one of these,
and we'll just do it.
And then the right question.
I have a question first.
Are you?
Do you have IMDB Pro bookmark?
Because you're sort of seeing if your credits have updated?
Or is it?
Are you just going their cart blanche to kind of see who is who is he?
I like to keep up with the star meter.
I like to see who's the most famous people in Hollywood.
Mm-hmm.
And yeah, you made a Rosemann Pike rep.
What I like to keep up with between 50,000 and 100,000.
You should try to keep it a hunted.
That's really funny.
No, it's not.
Because it doesn't mean anything.
Like, what did you mean, Amir?
I love it.
Like, you said you like to keep it between 50,000 and 100,000.
And I was like, you should try to keep it a hunted.
So it was like joke.
Yeah.
Keep it a bean.
Um, let's, let's, let's, let's do this shit.
What are you going to do?
I guess the Nazi one.
Let's do the Nazi one.
Let's not do that.
Let's do this.
Should we do the, um, I feel you scrolled by a bunch of good.
Well, it will you do the South Park test.
Uh, that's funny.
How big of a beef cake are you?
That's not funny.
We are wondering the psychopath test.
Well, that's kind of cool.
Um, sort of uncovered what Jeff's kind of interworking is.
That's cool.
Okay.
That's a good way.
We, you couldn't do this episode without miles, but it seems like pretty generic.
But all right.
Let's see.
Yeah.
I'm a little confused about that.
Parents test right at the top.
Yeah.
That's why you went to this.
I.
Okay.
Here.
Why don't you guys do this for me?
Okay.
I want to assess someone I know.
Yeah.
Personal is a grandiose sense of self worth.
I mean, yeah.
Yeah.
I think that's pretty well.
I think the IMDV pro on the bookmark tab sort of.
Yeah.
Answers that.
Right.
Easier.
Unconstrained.
So I feel like those are kind of opposite things to me.
But yeah.
He's not like he's very like purposeful and like trying to do stuff.
So it doesn't seem like easy.
It seems like he's like sort of.
But unkindly trained.
Just watching it.
That unconstrained feels like he makes plans and then drops them.
Right.
Which one is the?
Which one is bad?
Should we just not apply or apply for it?
Well, I basically want to be like he's not easy or unconstrained.
It does not apply.
I think.
Yeah.
This is so fucked up.
Pathological liar.
I mean, he did cancel the show and he said that he texted me and stuff.
Yeah.
I didn't say that I texted you.
I said I hadn't texted you.
I was honest.
Smart about it.
Yeah.
I'd say it does not apply.
I think logically.
Yeah.
It's personal.
It's like a parasite on other.
Really.
They never pay back.
Sandically splitting others for favors.
I mean, I would say.
Yeah.
He does sort of do social mind games.
So you think I'm like a cancer.
Yeah.
I'm not a cancer.
No.
I'm a parasite.
You're right enough.
Yeah.
A leech.
She's here.
Yeah.
This person has poor behavioral controls and finds it hard to keep their impulses and check.
I mean, that feels so bad.
I say a place partially.
Yeah.
All right.
I'd say this does not apply.
This person has a history juvenile juvenile of the league with the and or crime.
Have you ever been arrested?
Uh, I got a ticket for drinking in public and Williamsburg.
Let's go.
Let's see.
I'm part of it.
The person has had many serious romantic relationships that have fallen apart after a short time.
I don't know if you guys know me well enough to answer this question.
Yeah.
What's the answer here?
Um, no.
Yeah.
I was in the same.
No.
But what does that say about you that the people who are closest to you that you work with?
Exactly.
No.
You well enough.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I wouldn't say you guys are like my closest friends.
Wow.
I love all you guys except for a mirror, but like I want to, uh, I like to keep things separate.
What does that mean?
Like do you know that means I'm a Scorpio moon.
Let's do a place partially.
Are you Scorpio sun and moon?
No.
I'm a sad sun.
Scorpio moon.
I'd like to come myself a Trojan horse.
I'm sad.
I'm sad of you rising.
So the more somebody has it of blaming others for their own problem.
Obviously.
He just blamed Mercury on the fact that you just didn't read your own calendar invite.
This person is at some point in their life in a given a mild reprimand or warning by the authorities on the condition that they'd not repeat their offense.
If they ended up repeating the offense anyway.
I mean, I think the scheduling thing.
You try to come to court.
Yeah.
You go to court.
I was very well moving on.
Realism.
I think Jeff has goals.
No.
It was a very well.
Absolutely.
I keep getting.
I keep getting Instagram recommendations for Rodney's closet.
Wait, but that means that it has realistic.
Oh, realistic, I see.
I think Jeff has long-term goals.
They're just not realistic.
That's right.
Yeah.
Some of those goals, Jeff.
I guess I'm curious.
Maybe this is a situation where we can deepen our relationship.
I don't think so.
Because I think they're embarrassing to talk about.
And I like to move in silence.
Like, let's on.
What?
Like, you wanted to.
I mean, the CBS, you were sort of on a CBS thing.
Sure.
But that's what?
That's a one-off.
We live in a gig economy.
So it's like, just because you do that doesn't mean anything else that we're going to happen.
You got hired through lift to do that.
I got hired in a lift to do that.
The person has an excessive need for stimulation is prone to boredom.
Applies very well.
Yeah.
The person has often tricked cond or manipulated people.
Applies very well.
I don't know.
I'd say it does not apply.
I mean, getting people on this show, then minding their money, asking the money back.
It's all disorder.
Yeah.
Let's do it.
Applies partially.
Yeah.
That's so really impulsive.
I'd say it plays very well.
The person generally evades responsibility and does not answer to anyone in their life.
Hmm.
That's probably the most right.
The person is characterized by shallow emotional responses.
Yep.
I'd say, I don't know.
I think that doesn't apply.
Well, the fact that he doesn't like when I answer any serious questions on the show.
But we'll ask.
But that's because it's in public.
Yeah.
You're trying to keep it.
You said you want to keep the things separate.
You're trying to do rail the show.
Don't you stop.
They don't need a relevant question.
Yeah.
The person displays a lack of remorse or guilt.
You didn't say sorry earlier, so.
The person has a history.
He says he does not apply.
A lack of remorse.
You said I did say sorry.
Oh, God.
I don't know.
Double neck.
Oh, God.
I don't know.
Double neck.
The person has a history of promiscuous sexual behavior.
Yeah.
Well, you told me you're at birds trying to pick up every night.
Maybe you can say anything.
Yeah.
What is that?
I was definitely going to boombox.
Yeah.
Nice.
Again.
Ah.
Click objects here.
It is better to beat the guy from now on.
You gottaust.
You should keep the scene.
Check the media while we get it done.
Uh, I know.
Got the question?
Great.
Nice.
Now, now we can see if we can just do it.
What.
More tips.
You know.
We can just hold a table bit about it ET I talk on it.
We can just hold off it.
for what or what. I mean, you seem like every time I've seen you, I haven't really witnessed
you doing anything cruel necessarily. It does not apply. The person has broken many different
types of law. That's not, this I'll say it does not apply. Yeah, I'll say it. Let's see. Whoa. This
makes the person you rated 48% more psychopathic than the average person. That being said,
he does not qualify as a psychopath on the psychopathy checklist. And honestly, your highest one is
just lifestyle. Oh, wait. Sorry. Yeah. And you're at it all. By the way, you're definitely a lot closer.
That was really close to the threshold and really above average. Well, that's because half of those
jokes, you guys skewed the answers. I'm not promiscuous. I made for life. Like a penguin.
It doesn't mean anything.
Yeah, I'm curious about that. You guys want to do another test? I don't know. It's your deal.
It's my deal. Yeah. Yeah. I did. This was the one that I can tell you on miles. Okay. Oh,
this is the one. Welcome to miles, smiles. Is there more? Is it just that?
It is basically going to be we're going to go one by one and see who can make a genuine smile
crawl across your visage. Can you can't play into it? Like truly we have to make you experience
adopamine release. Got it. Okay. Cool. Does that make sense? That's really nice, man.
Let's start with Marie. That's cruel. I don't know if I need to go with genuinely nice or funny,
but I'll go with genuinely nice, which is that every time one of miles is TikToks pops up on my
feed. Oh, no. She's doing really well. He's smiling. That's really nice. That's very nice of you.
I appreciate that. You're welcome. Miles, I will hang on. Let me, I have to wash off the joy
that Marie could give you. Yeah, you did like a pallet plunger. Think of like a sad animal or something.
Yeah, like my dog is like pissed. Okay. Yeah. All right. Miles, I think I'd like to take you out
for the aforementioned friends dinner where we go to Elini Oysterbar. We both get in a
room. And maybe some of our other friends are there. Maybe you need some new faces. I'm not sure
you seem like an extra birded guy. Maybe you meet some new friends. People you would vibe with.
We're getting the fries. We're dipping them in mayo and then ketchup. We're getting the lobster rolls.
You get the hot. I get the cold. We split them and we have half of each, right?
And to wash it all down. Not on the menu, but we asked them to blend ice cream into a milkshake.
And we also bring our own melted milk powder. So you're going to get fucking diarrhea.
You're eating hot lobster and a milkshake that you made them make with milk powder.
And cold lobster apparently. Hot and cold and we split them. You almost got a smile.
A lot of them and let it quickly turn to discuss. I know I was kind of like psyched at first to be honest
and then I think that they were. I started panicking. But I got to deserve.
It was long before. Let's just go to La Poubelle. All right, Franklin Village. And let's get a
key Royale and then a giraffe of wine. And let's toast to all the good times we've had and to all the
bad times we've had. To all the wait, what was it? We've had a logger drink. We've had another.
What's that fucking song? I fucked this up. We had a whiskey drink. We had a logger drink. We had a
vodka drink. We had another drink. So we'll have an old fashioned or rather a bold fashioned.
Because it's going to be made with way. And then we're going to have a beer. And then we're going to have
I don't know. I guess a martini and then we're going to have another drink with that when you
just kind of a flex spot. You can have whatever you want. At this point, we'll be drunk and we'll be
dancing. We're just going to be dancing, shaking our asses like that one viral dog. I fucked this up.
I panicked again because you're not showing any signs of life, any signs of joy. I feel like I did
smile a couple times in there. But then you described us getting blacked out like on like some sort of
weekday after a shrimp and lobster buffet, which I like again, like I do want to hang out at
you don't want to take a risk after drinking a bist. I mean, I preferably we don't like to have
bist before I have a martini. But I guess we could. I'm saying you're spurping made out of way.
Yeah, that was an attempt to make you smile.
Yeah, the whole fucking game is an attempt to make a smile. You're not going to explain why you did it.
I mean, let's hear from you. I'm clearly Marieka's in first place. Did you ever know that
you're my old? You're everything I would want to see in your, if I could have my old than a
birdie, you know, then I would be ponds to me or today. Sorry, so not me. Yeah, it got me.
Yeah, you didn't have it first. Or even at the end. I think Marieka won by a land slide. And I don't
even remember what she said. Yeah, Marieka did just a nice. She just said a nice compliment.
Oh, yeah, I like your fucking TikToks or whatever. I will say that miles your segment on the
24 hour livestream was the funniest segment, not only of the livestream, but of the month.
Oh, wow. That's really nice. Honestly, is there a place that I can watch that? I thought that the footage was lost.
Well, what do you guys have going on? What do you want to point the people towards? Let's
start with miles because he's our guest. Yeah, let's hear what he says. My show perfect
person. It's calling advice show and they're going to work. There's a lot of fun episodes. And
if you like the show, I have a Patreon where I do bonus episodes. And I just did the 420
bomb cast where I got a little stone and I took calls from stoners on 420's Eve. And they had sort of
stoner conundrums that I saw on the show. So check out perfect person. I guess make TikToks too.
I've gotten a lot of names say today. So we can take that out too.
Yes, did you get high yesterday on 420? I don't do drugs. Is that true?
I just don't want to influence anybody. You think that this show is so clean that you're
such a good influence like cart blocks, but you who say you do drugs would be surprising to people?
What is it about me that makes people think I do drugs? By the man bun in the sunglasses.
What about my ears? You're what? The ears that I put on like my general ear.
I think, do you, sorry shut the fuck up. Do you think I'm a shesher man?
Yes. It's like treasure cat.
Yeah.
American, did you get high last night?
Uh, no.
And I want to be clear, I don't always get stoned. It's just that no, I mean you've made your point. Like
everyone should do every single drug. They can get their fucking three little drivers on and they should treat
weed as much as, you know, the same as vet and all recreation. Do not say that. Whoa, I didn't see that,
but I think that it can be sometimes a good way to relax. But I have a baby so I can't really like
it all tristoned anymore because even if I have the evening to myself, I often have to have the next
morning care for my skin. So I wasn't going to say anything, but yeah, that's a good, it's good that you brought that up.
Absolutely.
I did have CBD to go to sleep.
We got a figure to shut out. We got to wrap this up. We got to make next week feel different
even this because the last thing I wanted to do here is on this Friday was Marie can be like,
I did have CBD.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram, at Jeffway already on Twitter. And yeah, that's it.
Amir, what do you got?
Actually.
Sorry, continue.
If I could have miles in a buried hole, then you I would be bone senior today.
Fly, what's your plug? Oh, plugs. I'm on TikTok. Okay, that's there.
That was a hit-dum original.